Update mount parameters (#4582)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-simplebgc-gimbal.rst

> In ArduPilot/APM Planner/Mission planner set the following variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your Ground Control Station set the following variables, if using the first mount::
```

- :ref:`MNT1_TYPE <MNT1_TYPE>` to 4 / "Mount Type (None, Servo or MavLink)"
- :ref:`SERIAL2_PROTOCOL <SERIAL2_PROTOCOL>` to 1 / "MavLink" (Note "SERIAL2" should be "SERIAL1" if using Telem1 port, SERIAL4 if using Serial4/5, etc)
- :ref:`SR2_EXTRA1 <SR2_EXTRA1>` to 20
- :ref:`SR2_POSITION <SR2_POSITION>` to 10
- :ref:`SR2_RC_CHAN <SR2_RC_CHAN>` to 20 and all other SR2_* variables to 0.

If you wish to control the pitch angle manually you can set:

> - :ref:`RCx_OPTION <RC1_OPTION>` to 213.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  ``RCx_OPTION`` to 213.
```
I dont like using a link to a specific param when discussing a general group....either just unlink and highlight, or put a "if using RC 6..etc."

Author: That's the best way I can think of to link to one instance of the parameter list. IMO it is better than not linking to the additional documentation about the parameter.

Reviewer: I disagree...it has caused confusion in the past and I have had to answer questions about "do I really need to use that RC channel?"

- In the SimpleBCG GUI in the tab "RC Settings" in the field "Input Configuration" set PITCH to "API_VIRT_CH6".

.. warning::

    If you connect the gimbal as shown in the above diagram, it is NOT possible to establish a connection to the GUI on a PC via USB and have it connected simultaneously to the autopilot. It happens because the UART1 ("serial" in the picture above) is "paralleled to the onboard USB-UART converter (excepting the "Tiny" boards that has a dedicated USB). If you accidentally connect both the GUI via USB and an autopilot via UART1, you might end up with corrupt data on the flash of the gimbal. It can result in unexpected motor movement! The reason details, please check the `link <https://www.basecamelectronics.com/files/v3/SimpleBGC_32bit_manual_2_6x_eng.pdf>`__.

Setup through the Ground Station
================================

> Set the following parameters through your ground station and then reboot the autopilot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the following parameters through your ground station and then reboot the autopilot( values shown for first mount):
```

The gimbal's maximum lean angles can be set using these parameters:

- :ref:`MNT1_ROLL_MIN <MNT1_ROLL_MIN>`, :ref:`MNT1_ROLL_MAX <MNT1_ROLL_MAX>` to -30 and 30 to limit the roll angle to 30 degrees in each direction
- :ref:`MNT1_PITCH_MIN <MNT1_PITCH_MIN>`, :ref:`MNT1_PITCH_MAX <MNT1_PITCH_MAX>` to -90 and 0 to limit the gimbal to point between straight down (-90 degrees) and straight forward (0 degrees)

To control the gimbal's lean angles from a transmitter set:

> - :ref:`RCx_OPTION <RC1_OPTION>` to 213 to control the gimbal's tilt (aka pitch angle) with the transmitter's Ch6 tuning knob

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  set an RC channel's ``RCx_OPTION `` to 213 to control the gimbal's tilt (aka pitch angle)
```
